README.md, before:

# Course Materials of COMP SCI 4817 - Applied Natural Language Processing Honours

## Author : [Akide Liu](https://github.com/AkideLiu)

## Assignment 1: Text processing and Classification with Naive Bayes

**Grade : 96      Weight : 20%**

**[[Code]](./assignment1/) [[report]](https://anlp.vmv.re/report/report-assignment-1.pdf)** 

## Assignment 2: Building a text matching algorithm for question retrieval

**Grade : 94      Weight : 20%**

**[[Code]](./assignment2/) [[report]](https://anlp.vmv.re/report/report-assignment-2.pdf)** 

## Assignment 3: Syntactic Parsing and Its Application

**Grade : 94      Weight : 20%**

**[[Code]](./assignment3/) [[report]](https://anlp.vmv.re/report/report-assignment-3.pdf)** 

## Final Project: Developing a question answering system for a research paper.

**Grade : 95      Weight : 40%**

**[[Code]](./final-project) [[report]](https://anlp.vmv.re/report/report-final-project.pdf)**


## Licensed Under GPL-v3
```shell
Author: Akide Liu

Applied Natural Language Processing Honours
Copyright (C) <2023>  Akide Liu

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```



## CAUTION :

## Author has NO responsibility for this repository

## Any code/resources directly submit to either external or internal assessment systemes without innovation is at your own RISK and might lead to a breach [Academic Integrity Policy](https://www.adelaide.edu.au/policies/230/)

Commit message:

🚀 feat : release 4
# |<----  Using a Maximum Of 50 Characters  ---->|


# Explain why this change is being made
# |<----   Try To Limit Each Line to a Maximum Of 72 Characters   ---->|

# Provide links or keys to any relevant tickets, articles or other resources
# Example: Github issue #23

# --- COMMIT END ---
# Type can be 
#    🔬 exp	 (new experiment)
#    🚀 feat     (new feature)
#    🧐 fix      (bug fix)
#    🏗️ refactor (refactoring production code)
#    🍻 style    (formatting, missing semi colons, etc; no code change)
#    📝 docs     (changes to documentation)
#    ✅ test     (adding or refactoring tests; no production code change)
#    💚 chore    (updating grunt tasks etc; no production code change)
# --------------------

README.md, after:

# Course Materials of COMP SCI 4817 - Applied Natural Language Processing Honours

## Author : [Akide Liu](https://github.com/AkideLiu)

## Assignment 1: Text processing and Classification with Naive Bayes

**Grade : 96      Weight : 20%**

**[[Code]](./assignment1/) [[report]](https://anlp.vmv.re/report/report-assignment-1.pdf)** 

## Assignment 2: Building a text matching algorithm for question retrieval

**Grade : 94      Weight : 20%**

**[[Code]](./assignment2/) [[report]](https://anlp.vmv.re/report/report-assignment-2.pdf)** 

## Assignment 3: Syntactic Parsing and Its Application

**Grade : 94      Weight : 20%**

**[[Code]](./assignment3/) [[report]](https://anlp.vmv.re/report/report-assignment-3.pdf)** 

## Final Project: Developing a question answering system for a research paper.

**Grade : 95      Weight : 40%**

**[[Code]](./final-project) [[report]](https://anlp.vmv.re/report/report-final-project.pdf)**


## Licensed Under GPL-v3
```shell
Author: Akide Liu

Applied Natural Language Processing Honours
Copyright (C) <2023>  Akide Liu

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```


## DISCLAIMER

The author bears NO responsibility for the consequences arising from the use of this repository. This repository is offered as-is, without warranty of any kind, and any use of the code or resources herein is solely at the user's discretion and risk.

Please note: Using this repository's contents for submission to any external or internal assessment systems without providing proper attribution or without significant modification or innovation may lead to violations of Academic Integrity Policies. Users are strongly advised to use this repository responsibly, and in compliance with all relevant academic guidelines and policies.

[Academic Integrity Policy](https://www.adelaide.edu.au/policies/230/)
